recently I've been getting a lot of
comments and questions asking how I
style my hair how I curl my hair
everything like that which is kind of
really funny because most of the time
like during the school year and like on
most days my hair looks hideous and I
look hideous
um you can ask any of my friends that's
that's what they'll they'll tell you
straight up so I'm so glad that I
finally like gotten to a point where if
I'm taking care of myself and making
myself look good that people actually
recognize I don't know it's just really
nice to know that so yeah let's go ahead
and jump on in to my hair care routine
my go-to hairstyle for like days when
I'm running late or honestly when I just
want to be lazy but I have to have
myself put together so days that I go to
work and go out like on short notice the
hair style out shoes is usually french
braids
I'll just take those out and then I'll
head downstairs and go take a shower so
in the shower the products that I use
are suave professionals frizzies and I
like this because it smells good it's
cheap and my hair is naturally frizzy so
it helps ease the frizz hence the name
then once I'm done taking a shower and I
come upstairs I have two options i have
my lazy option which is where i just
like come upstairs and throw my hair in
a bun after drying it off and like
that's it like not even brush it but if
I'm like really want to give my hair
some extra love then I will take my hair
down I'll brush it out and then like
whip it back and forth and then I'll
take I think it's the complete ten it's
a leave-in conditioner and I really like
it because it has properties of he
protected and frizz control and it's
just overall nice for your hair
[Music]
as you might have guessed I do sleep
with my hair wet and I like doing this
because it keeps my hair from having to
be blow-dried which costs a lot of heat
damage over time and so it just can dry
naturally during the night and I don't
have to worry about having to dry it and
take up time in the morning so I love
doing that one thing that you can do if
you find sleeping with wet hair
uncomfortable maybe try pulling it over
top of your pillow just to kind of help
so it's not on your neck because I know
that can be kind of uncomfortable for
some people darling Alexa set my alarm
for 8:45 a.m.
[Music]
send me
I know you
[Music]
darling so in the morning what I will do
is just brush out my hair and then I
will curl it and I use the Conair
infinity Pro and I love this thing so
much it's so awesome because it's a
two-in-one it's a straightener and a
curling wand it did take me a while to
master like the hand motions I'll just
brush out my hair and I do it from the
bottom up so my brush doesn't cause any
breakage and then once that's done I'll
kind of part my hair and then I will
curl my hair away from my face and I
love like the loose curls that it gives
and I know I'm still like learning and
practicing how to do it and the best way
to get it down but you can see in these
clips kind of my hand motions so you can
try to copy those if you end up buying
this I'll link it down below I just got
mine off of Amazon and yeah it's
definitely worth it's definitely worth
it
so once I'm done curling my hair I will
just whip it back and forth and kind of
run my hands through it to kind of mess
it up a little bit and then that is it
[Music]
one more thing is that once I'm done
I usually never put in hairspray I don't
like the texture or feeling that I get
from hairspray after the hairspray that
I use if I do end up using hairspray or
products in general is the Pantene
volume up hairspray and out of the hair
sprays I've tried in the past it has a
very light feeling to it as is
so it doesn't bother me too much but
yeah if if possible I like to use
nothing in my hair so other than that
honestly I don't think I do anything
like super crazy if you guys want me to
do sometimes a hair style video then let
me know about down below I can like come
for some this is like one of my favorite
hairstyles to do ever so I don't know if
you would like to see that make sure you
comment down below
I read your guys's comments and I'm so
grateful for you guys I really hope you
enjoyed this video and that answered
some of your questions thanks so much
guys I love you and I'll see you in my
next video bye
Miyabi underneath the phone
[Music]